fix(Alerts): Replaced "violation" with "incident" (#14123)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/alerts-applied-intelligence/new-relic-alerts/alert-incidents/view-violation-event-details-incidents.mdx

---

> title: View incidents and event details for incidents

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: View event details for incidents
```

import alertsIncidentContextinSlack from 'images/alerts_screenshot-full_incident-context-in-slack.webp'

> When incidents of the [threshold](/docs/alerts/new-relic-alerts-beta/configuring-alert-policies/define-thresholds-trigger-alert) set in a [condition](/docs/alerts/new-relic-alerts-beta/configuring-alert-policies/define-alert-conditions) occur, depending on the policy's **[Incident preference](/docs/alerts/new-relic-alerts/configuring-alert-policies/specify-when-new-relic-creates-incidents)** settings, alerts may create an incident. You can review information about incidents in several ways:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the [threshold](/docs/alerts/new-relic-alerts-beta/configuring-alert-policies/define-thresholds-trigger-alert) set in a [condition](/docs/alerts/new-relic-alerts-beta/configuring-alert-policies/define-alert-conditions) is exceeded, depending on the policy's **[Incident preference](/docs/alerts/new-relic-alerts/configuring-alert-policies/specify-when-new-relic-creates-incidents)** settings, alerts may create an incident. You can review information about incidents in several ways:
```

* [View the incidents index](#view-incidents) so you can scan for patterns in a list of incidents.

> * [View the incidents](#view-log) included in a specific incident to examine associated performance details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [View the incidents log](#view-log) to examine associated performance details.
```
